Gary Young: Hey there.
Gary Young: Copy right back.
Gary Young: Hi.
David Mendenhall: Hey, Wade…
Wade Brown: Hey, Dave.
David Mendenhall: Hey, I wanted to check in on… you don't have any, like, issues with the change of ownership.
Wade Brown: No, I, I have, my soul is for rent.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Alright, I'm gonna talk to my boss, next week about that.
Wade Brown: Do you have any issues with the change in ordering?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah, I'm totally… yes, I have a lot of issues.
Wade Brown: Yeah. How's the morale over there with all of that, anyway? I mean, it…
David Mendenhall: Stock of a truck.
Wade Brown: Right?
David Mendenhall: Had 2 people quit this week, so…
Wade Brown: Wow, really?
David Mendenhall: Nope.
Gary Young: You could try my employer.
David Mendenhall: Try what?
Wade Brown: You're fun-employed, aren't you?
David Mendenhall: Oh.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, no, I probably will, but closing's not until next year, so I have time.
Wade Brown: I mean, yeah, but it's all just paperwork for the next year, right?
David Mendenhall: well-paid.
Wade Brown: It's all… it's all paperwork, right, for the, what do you the transfer over.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, well-paid paperwork.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Where do you guys work? What happened?
David Mendenhall: No, I work at… I work at Roku, and we were acquired by Fox.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah. There are…
Wade Brown: There are a lot of people I would assume would have issues working for Fox, and Dave is one of them.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no shit.
Wade Brown: It's, it's pretty funny to me,
Wade Brown: It came out of left field, as far as I knew. I heard nothing about it until the day it hit.
Wade Brown: Not that I, you know, should, but…
Wade Brown: Well.
Wade Brown: Is the, I don't have issues with Fox as an ownership, just because, you know, I'm fine stealing people's money, but the,
Wade Brown: I do… I will be gone from July 9th to 18th, so… there is that.
Wade Brown: Other than that, I'll be back.
Kostadis Roussos: Fine.
David Mendenhall: No worries.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Wade Brown: And I, yeah, I'll be in, in, like, Greece, and Athens, and Barcelona.
David Mendenhall: Oh, nice.
Gary Young: places.
David Mendenhall: Oh, the statusos domain.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Yeah, he got mad that I didn't tell him. I was like, I just told you!
Wade Brown: Yeah, Alex will be going to Santorini, of all places, like, literally his hometown, I guess, or home island, or whatever. Fantastic.
Wade Brown: Gary, you were so quiet, I didn't mean to talk over you, but I cannot hear you.
Kostadis Roussos: Test, test, pass, really?
Wade Brown: Now, you were super quiet for once. Normally, I can hear your cat meowing in the other room.
Wade Brown: Normally, I can't hear it today.
Gary Young: I didn't change anything, is it still…
David Mendenhall: You're very low. Very low.
Wade Brown: Very quiet for everyone, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Hey, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Hello, for…
David Mendenhall: And last week.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys didn't show up.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Showed up.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I agree.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, the bottom two.
Wade Brown: Quesadis, you're on the bottom of my list right here. I see Gary, Wade, Dave, then.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying, I'm just… this was a metaphorical list, this wasn't a… this wasn't a real list.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: I told you I wasn't joining.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just… I'm giving Stefan, you know… I'm giving… this was really meant for Stefan. I was trying to… I was trying to not single him out, Dave.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Apologize.
Kostadis Roussos: Do adorable.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's not always easy to get up at, you know, 5 AM.
Kostadis Roussos: No, dude, it's fine, it's fine, it's great, it's great to have you here.
Wade Brown: Okay, you're allowed to sleep in, it's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. We appreciate it.
Wade Brown: I hate you when you show up.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. Alright, so when we last left our Noble Adventures, let me get to…
Kostadis Roussos: Roll 29…
Wade Brown: I'm sorry, I'm gonna have to… I'll be right back, Windows is yelling at me.
Kostadis Roussos: It'll be, like, 3 minutes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: He's an optimist.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 3 minutes with windows?
Kostadis Roussos: I read that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: before.
Kostadis Roussos: water.
David Mendenhall: Ugh.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So you found yourself scrambled, so with where we left off, the party departed the mine with their 30 gold pieces and a growing list of ambitions.
Kostadis Roussos: They noted that Neverwinter commissions cut was something that they would need to be negotiated, and Gruberry made a quiet mental note to strongly suggest to whoever was managing the Dragon's recovered hoard that a finder's fee would be the right and proper thing to offer.
Kostadis Roussos: Vukerdin lamented that despite defeating dragons, clearing Mansons, and owning a gold mine, he still had not made meaningful progress towards funding his musical studio.
Kostadis Roussos: As a group tuned?
David Mendenhall: Doesn't it seem unfair? It's very unfair.
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't say I wasn't. As the groups turned their boots towards Vandalin, there was much to discuss.
Kostadis Roussos: A political agenda to pursue, the existing privy council was imposed on Harib and Wester as a fig leaf rather than a genuine democratic body, and Vucherdin intended to push for direct elections of the mayor, a legal process called a sheetment that Valfin apparently researched.
Kostadis Roussos: The still untransformed lump of gold from Cryovane's horde that the party refused to use, and the small matter of a holy orc army now marching through the mountains in Lathander's name, whatever came next, it was clear that the consequences of their choices were only just beginning to unfold.
David Mendenhall: So, Bukradin… has a perspective on the upcoming election, and as it relates to the Treasurer.
Kostadis Roussos: I will wait until…
David Mendenhall: The crowd is gathered.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, hold on, hold on. So the question I have for you is, our plan was to go to Neverwinter, so do we want to have, try to force an election, or go to Neverwinter, talk to Lord Nevermember? I mean, you've just recently, you know…
David Mendenhall: We can give… I mean, we can give him one more shot, but I mean, if he'd like to abdicate, that's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean…
David Mendenhall: I'm just expecting that he won't, Harbin Weston.
Kostadis Roussos: Wester. Wester. Whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: I went to great lengths to create a backstory for Harbin Wester, you will kindly respect that.
David Mendenhall: No, it's not that I don't respect you, it's that I don't respect him.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair enough. Give that man an… give that man a, Brace.
Kostadis Roussos: Inspiration, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: America.
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, if you ever want to hear the audio I play while we're playing, I will share you the link.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Did Dave go back? Is Dave back?
Wade Brown: Never left me, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, man, leave, I feel… you feel me?
Kostadis Roussos: Brett.
Wade Brown: be the last one.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: dose.
Kostadis Roussos: I see, I see.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. So, so you arrive back in Phandalin.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So is the plan to go to Phandalin, talk to Harbin Wester, or is the plan to go to Neverwinter?
David Mendenhall: I'm fine with mandolin. We gotta check in there, right? We gotta get some cheese as well. Isn't that, like, part of the deal?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, no, no, you made a deal… Brewberry made a deal… it was agreed that the were-rats could go by themselves to go get the cheese, and that it would not be viewed as abandoning their post.
Kostadis Roussos: Did I agree to that?
David Mendenhall: Let's go get the cheese, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm just telling you, you did agree to that, like, I could… I mean, but maybe Blueberry doesn't remember whether he agreed. It has been a day. There hasn't…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm too busy thinking of bathrobes, and how I could, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Make a business.
Kostadis Roussos: Shit.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Bathrobes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm… I'm… I think, from now on, every time we find treasure, whether it belongs to us or not, there should be a find us fee. And some of that gold should go in my pocket towards, you know, me building that bathrobe business.
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
David Mendenhall: I'm thinking like you, Blueberry, I've got a plan.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, excellent, excellent. I can't wait to hear it.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, boy. Five ropes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Man, bathrobes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's the way.
Kostadis Roussos: galore.
Wade Brown: I mean, they're good for taking tea in, I guess.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You know, if your music studio wants to be a sponsor for my bathrobe business, you know, I'm willing to give you, like, a little logo on the bathrobes, maybe?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It looks like a…
David Mendenhall: I do, like, cross promotions.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
David Mendenhall: That's great.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you are in…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Go talk to the man.
Kostadis Roussos: Gonna talk to Hartman?
David Mendenhall: Talk to Sir Karen.
Kostadis Roussos: And is there Karen?
David Mendenhall: Yup.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You arrive in… Pandolin.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. By the way, if, like I said, okay, so you arrive in Fandland, you should, you should see the map.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes?
David Mendenhall: Yup.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You've got…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna move Boney over there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Brynn and Giles are actually in the temple, so let's just put them where they belong.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Are skeleton horses not welcome in Finland?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's just too big of an icon, so I can't… Navigator.
Wade Brown: Yeah, he's, he's, he's large.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean…
Wade Brown: Giant elk, but, you know…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I resent people being judged for their size.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's no longer with you.
David Mendenhall: ranging.
Kostadis Roussos: Pruta is, is out of town. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, here we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Britain is, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: What? Pruta is on a vision quest.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not that he's… is, sir Kaelin is at Toblin, is the Stonehill at Spider-Man's Inn.
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you know, you guys arrive.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So we want people to gather, right, for an announcement?
David Mendenhall: Well, I want to talk to Sir Kalen, and I want to talk to the mayor, and then we'll do the gathering.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, I mean, so let's just, like, put things in perspective, right? I mean, right now…
Kostadis Roussos: The, the party… Yeah, that's the final part here. Alright, so we'll just…
Kostadis Roussos: So right now, you know, you guys… you haven't been to Phandalin since you defeated Cryonvane, right?
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You, you, you, you saved… no, no, you, you were in Phanalyn, because you went through, sorry, my bad. You, you, you'd gone there, you had gone to deal with, Adabra.
David Mendenhall: No.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, you have been in Phandalin since the last time we spoke. So, people, you know, people… you're the heroes, right? You're still heroes, but, you know, it's yesterday's news.
David Mendenhall: Fair, fair.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? I mean, you know…
Wade Brown: What have you done for me lately, Titan.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you know, you're still heroes, there's still, you know, hi, how are you, as you block by Barthin's Provisions. Hi, how are you? You know, the discount's still there, maybe?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary Young: Did you hear about the Talos season that we destroyed?
Kostadis Roussos: Is that it… Did you say… Gary, your voice is a little bit off.
Gary Young: Sorry, the heathen followers of Talos that we destroyed, has Fuelin heard about that?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, nobody has heard about that, so, so, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, so this is an excellent opportunity for you to sort of walk into town and get in the town square and make a note of that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. Yep.
David Mendenhall: You can do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? I mean, you could go get your two acolytes, Brennan Giles.
Gary Young: Yeah, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Dave, maybe…
Gary Young: Maybe you should, like, recite a poem, or something like that.
David Mendenhall: Oh, yeah? Is that… is that what the bard does?
David Mendenhall: Just poetry.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm so sorry.
David Mendenhall: difficult.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'll, you know, I can make sure that you have an audience, I can start dragging people into the street.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, straight, so you walk by Barthen's provisioning, there's a hello, how are you? You walk by the Smithy, again, pleasant to see you. Gary, Balfina, is she, like, saying, you know, we killed the Telosians, the Telosians have been defeated?
Gary Young: Yes, because they were weak, and…
Kostadis Roussos: They need to… they.
Gary Young: You need to follow a stronger God.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: They didn't see the light.
David Mendenhall: positives!
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, it's…
David Mendenhall: threat to the town. You protected the town.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes?
Gary Young: I mean, the town has been protected by the strength of the pandemic.
David Mendenhall: Okay. That's a much better spin. We gotta work on your spin.
Kostadis Roussos: We still must destroy the heat.
David Mendenhall: Later. Later. Later. Later.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Unless they want to buy bathrobes, in which case they're our customers.
Kostadis Roussos: Potentially. Hold on, wait, what?
Kostadis Roussos: My audio blaked out for a second there.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: So what did you say, what did you say, Stefan? I'm sorry, I missed you for a second.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, I just… I was just saying that, you know, destroy the heathens unless they want to buy bathrobes, in which case they're potential customers and shouldn't be destroyed.
Kostadis Roussos: They could be…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: converter.
Kostadis Roussos: Their money's…
David Mendenhall: Green, is that what you're saying, Stefan? You know it's stolen.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Customers are customers.
David Mendenhall: green. It's blood.
David Mendenhall: Every last penny.
Wade Brown: Gold is gold is gold.
David Mendenhall: Last copper, it's blood.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, but blood can be turned into something soft and wonderful, you know, like a brewery bathroom.
David Mendenhall: If it is, if it is treated fairly, and I have a plan for that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, alright, I'll follow your lead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you arrive at, you arrive at, at, Barthens, you arrive at, the Tobelin's, Inn.
Kostadis Roussos: Spider-Man is there, he's really happy to see you, his son, Tuck is also there, Elsa, her bartender, is there. They… Jenna is sitting at a table, looking, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Does, like, does she not have a…
David Mendenhall: How much to buy the bar around?
Kostadis Roussos: How much you got? Toblin says, well,
Kostadis Roussos: Vucherdin, I think that if you were willing to play a song, it would be for free.
David Mendenhall: Oh, wow, drinks on me, let's play away, wow!
Wade Brown: labor!
David Mendenhall: I have no money.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We can sing, you know, achievements, glory.
David Mendenhall: 21.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well that is an amazing achievement, and… and as a result of that amazing achievement, Toblin is, you know, hands out the good stuff. Elsa, the barmaid, is pouring out the good beer, she's handing it out…
David Mendenhall: Is that how it works? If it was a bad number, it would have been the swell.
David Mendenhall: Well, liquor.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you know, it's, you know… like I said, there was the, you know, you had that moment, you were the heroes, you saved the world, defeated the dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: saved everybody from Madabra's madness, you know, got the council, that was last week.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, well, like, I bought it.
Wade Brown: Tony has a sharpman.
David Mendenhall: I bought everybody a beer, so that's something.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, you make it sound like it was all casual, and there was blood and sweat.
Kostadis Roussos: Your adventures, that's what we expect.
David Mendenhall: And that is what I want to talk about.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so…
David Mendenhall: When can we… when can we gather the town and start, and start discussing?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you said you wanted to speak… since… you said you wanted to speak to Sir Kalen, so I just want to make sure that… Sure.
David Mendenhall: I just want to check in on whether he's found any more, rightful owners.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes he has, actually.
David Mendenhall: Excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: But, but they are never… they are, they are inevitable.
David Mendenhall: We never went to, but that's fine, let's make a note of all those.
Kostadis Roussos: I will pick them at random, do not add… they have been picked.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Additional…
David Mendenhall: Additional treasure owners…
Kostadis Roussos: Right. In, Pandolin. In, Neverwinter.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, yep. Not in Phan 1s.
Kostadis Roussos: mother… Okay, awesome. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so he has, alright, so he does also point out that
Kostadis Roussos: You do have the whole,
Kostadis Roussos: You do have that statue, which, the owner is in Phandalin, and you still haven't brought it there.
David Mendenhall: Oh, what statue?
Kostadis Roussos: The mermaid statue.
Wade Brown: Yeah, from the way, way, way back.
Kostadis Roussos: Holy crap. Yeah, he, he, he said, he says, you know… Sir Kaelin is upset.
Kostadis Roussos: Why is he upset?
Kostadis Roussos: That you forgot about it, like, yeah, he goes.
David Mendenhall: hard.
Kostadis Roussos: It was a.
David Mendenhall: You know, Sir Kalen, I'm sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: There you go.
David Mendenhall: We had to kill a dragon, we had to stop an orcan game, I'll see the whole way.
David Mendenhall: Crazy boy.
David Mendenhall: I get some things going on.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, who's the owner of that statue, anyway?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Who owns it at Mermaid Steph?
David Mendenhall: owner of the mermaid statue.
Kostadis Roussos: It's, Sir Arielle, Elyara,
Kostadis Roussos: like, I can't remember the name of it, but Eliara… Ellara… shit.
David Mendenhall: Is he in… is he in the bar?
Kostadis Roussos: No, Sir Kalen's in the bar, but the owner of the statue's not in the bar. She's a famous… she's an important person of Neverwinter.
David Mendenhall: Oh, she's in Neverwinter. Oh, no, I knew that, that we haven't returned that yet. That's next.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Alright. He does say that, that, he does point out that he has not had any success at finding Sir Kayla, Lady, Sister Kayla.
David Mendenhall: Sister Kayla. Yeah, that's too bad. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, Jenna Roma. Yep, okay. He then pauses, you know, he then says that, you know, his, he, he, he asks you, SO, Soma!
Kostadis Roussos: And, Brewberry. And, Valfine. Then he looks at Valfine and notices that she has the golden eyes.
Wade Brown: a little different.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. And is, for a moment, startled. Is that a condition?
Gary Young: It's a blessing.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a blessing. Alright. A blessing, I see. Well, in that case, a blessing from whom?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm, like, you know, leaning towards him, and I say, slippery slope.
Kostadis Roussos: No? From the vendor, of course.
Kostadis Roussos: It's powerful as he can be.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, I see. He, he's like, aha!
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, well, if… do you plan to go to Neverwinter?
Gary Young: Well, yes, that's our next system.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, he goes, in that case, might I suggest that you might want to go talk to the… and she mentions the high priest at the temple.
Kostadis Roussos: The temple, where is it?
Kostadis Roussos: The temple. The Spire, Spire of the Mid… the Spire of the Morning Lord.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Spire of the Bowling Word.
Kostadis Roussos: Lord, Lord, pardon Spy, yeah, sorry. Spire of the Morning Lord.
Kostadis Roussos: And you immediately remember that that's exactly where you had gone to train to be a cleric of Lithander?
Gary Young: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And, you know, there's an opportunity for you to go chat with Brother Aldrich Sunmantle.
Kostadis Roussos: sunbat.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: It's in my notes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes. You know, because, Sir Kaelin's got that creepy look on his face.
Kostadis Roussos: that you somehow… you know, that… why do you have these golden eyes? And he's really trying to see that maybe you should talk to Brother Alric, and maybe Brother Aldrick will give you some guidance. That's the vibe he's giving you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What does he have against Golden Eyes?
Kostadis Roussos: Nothing in general, nothing in general, nothing in general, but you know, I mean, if this is a blessing from Lathander, it would be, it would be good for Valfine to go and talk to the high priest at the Spire of the Morning Lord, to find out what does it tell her? What guide, what is Lathander trying to tell her?
David Mendenhall: You might be jealous.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, I just don't see how that's any of your business, old man.
David Mendenhall: I don't… I don't know that the high priest has been blessed.
David Mendenhall: Like, Valfine has been blessed.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair, fair.
David Mendenhall: This could go badly.
David Mendenhall: There might be a new Mourning Lord in town.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, Morning Lord's the name of the god.
David Mendenhall: There might be a new morning look.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you there, Gary?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: He's back.
Kostadis Roussos: Good.
Gary Young: Galisa.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. So, yeah, so the, so, so what.
Gary Young: reception of 18, yeah, I think something?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so what you gathered is that,
Kostadis Roussos: Sir Kaelin is… worried, right? A drow who's a follower of…
Kostadis Roussos: the mourning Lord to be so blessed, he's, like, concerned that there's something else going around here.
Kostadis Roussos: And he's kind of, like, hinting, maybe you should go check in with the, you know, high priest, Brother Aldrich, and get his perspective.
Kostadis Roussos: On all of this…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: like the DM is trying to give us a hook.
Gary Young: Very gentleman.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep, yep.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm not actually saying, you know, I'm not actually, I'm not actually giving you any railroading. Practically speaking, the way I see it is Valfini thought that Brother Aldrich was a fool who couldn't understand the real power of Lathander.
Gary Young: That's awesome.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's…
Gary Young: Very likely.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's a fact.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, right, right, and that she spent months, if not years, pretending to be somebody she wasn't so that she could learn all of his, you know, all of the rituals, but had no intention of absorbing his soft, squishy, you know, take care of people and love people.
Gary Young: Of his weak ways.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, like, you know, I'm thinking there's an opportunity for her to, like, go tell him what she really thinks of his soft, squishy ways.
Gary Young: about, you know, maybe I can convert him.
Kostadis Roussos: There's always that!
Kostadis Roussos: There's always that perspective as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… Where do we go next?
Kostadis Roussos: You want, you, you…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We gather the people, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Bingo.
David Mendenhall: Now, the town… we need to tell the town master.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: a meeting of the Privy Council.
Kostadis Roussos: Harbin Wester is like, so soon, so quickly? Right now?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm assuming you're using your majestical.
David Mendenhall: To persuade him.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying, you know, did you roll a 28?
David Mendenhall: We're gonna use intimidation.
David Mendenhall: I only got a 10.
Kostadis Roussos: So he turns around and he says, well, you know, your intimidation lands as flatly as your sweet tongue would have landed well.
David Mendenhall: Right. I'm getting… the hubris is rising.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, he's…
David Mendenhall: I'll gather the people myself.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you're gonna gather the people yourself.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you gather them. So, do, do you gather them with, by, like… what's the word I'm looking for?
Kostadis Roussos: How do you do it?
David Mendenhall: We can put on a, you know, we could put on a rock concert and get them all out there, get them all happy, and bouncing around before I make my big speech.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I can make my voice boom to announce that there is a gathering.
David Mendenhall: Decent performance outside. Not as good as inside, you know, but they're drunker now, so they're easier to persuade.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, so you're, okay, so you're, you're, you're announcing a performance, is it on the main green or in the central square?
David Mendenhall: I guess I can be… I guess he would probably perform on the green, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Great.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Alright, so you're on the town green, and, you know, the various, the various, you know, people start to gather, you see members of the, the town square, Harbin himself is starting to show, has shown up, I mean, Petunia is there.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Big Al Kazun is there, Kayleen Elderleaf is there, Linane Greenwood is there, Sir Kaelin is there, I mean, they're all there. Alright. Even Spider-Man, Elsa, his bar team, Barthin, the people working, you know, the woodworker, they're all there, right? I mean, there's some folks who are transients who are…
Kostadis Roussos: And they're all kind of looking at you now.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so here.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on. Hold on. They're kind of going with the music, right? There's, like, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: They're, they're, like, they're, like, dancing, they're chillaxing, you know, everybody's feeling cool and relaxed, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Ladies and gentlemen, we are adventurers! We've killed the dragon! We…
David Mendenhall: Drove out the orcs! We saved Phandalin! Yay!
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, there's… yeah, no…
Gary Young: Gloria.
Kostadis Roussos: Brendan Giles are there, right?
David Mendenhall: Alright, what I wanna say…
Kostadis Roussos: The burning guiles are there, and they're, they're, you know, they're engaged, they're, they're looking sunburnt. Again.
Gary Young: Super good.
Gary Young: You know.
Kostadis Roussos: I can't…
Wade Brown: Kissed by Lathander.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what does Vukra Din say?
David Mendenhall: What I wanna say is… That your government, led by Western over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Harbin Wester, yes? Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Believes that the way that adventurers should work is that they should go do heroic things, and then they should claim all the treasure for themselves.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody's kind of staring.
David Mendenhall: That treasure came from you. That is your treasure. It was stolen from you.
Kostadis Roussos: They don't…
David Mendenhall: I want to give it back to you.
Kostadis Roussos: Linane raises her hand.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, strictly speaking, it may not have been stolen by… from me, but it may have been stolen from somebody else a long time ago, and so by you bringing it into market… hold on, by you bringing it into the market.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I get to… it recirculates…
David Mendenhall: with you.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so when you spend that money, you're not… you're making it mine, because when it's over there in the hands of the monsters.
David Mendenhall: Hang on, all your questions will be answered.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, okay, let me hit…
David Mendenhall: the answer.
Kostadis Roussos: Jenna goes, this has been very well covered in the dialectics of the financials… yes.
David Mendenhall: If we can find the rightful owner of that treasure, then it needs to be returned. But we have found, as adventurers, that many times we cannot find the rightful owners of this treasure.
David Mendenhall: And so, I swear to you now, here, A new, universal, basic treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: A candlelight.
Wade Brown: UBT…
Kostadis Roussos: You broke it.
Wade Brown: Okay.
David Mendenhall: See how it went over.
David Mendenhall: Oh no, persuasion, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm assuming you were… no, no…
David Mendenhall: 17. 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, dude, no, no, no, you rolled with advantage. You rolled with advantage. No, no, this one was an advantage.
David Mendenhall: Oh, sorry, I hit the wrong button again. Persuasion.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a good thing you rolled that for a 17.
Kostadis Roussos: That one was at 1, but because of your special abilities? Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there is a… there's general cheering, yeah, you know…
David Mendenhall: Free volume.
Wade Brown: PT!
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody's like, yes! Yes! Then, you know, Jenna Roscoe goes, looks appalled.
Wade Brown: Kissing.
Kostadis Roussos: But, I mean, you're gonna have to roll some insights or some, investigations. Well, I'd like to know…
David Mendenhall: what Harbin Western thinks about this plan. Is he in favor of it, or does he need to be replaced?
Kostadis Roussos: Harbin Wester says, I am so glad! This was a… this was… I'm… he passes, he goes.
Kostadis Roussos: My good friend, and member of the Privy Council,
Kostadis Roussos: Vukradin! He actually stutters while trying to remember your name.
David Mendenhall: Sounds about right, yup.
Kostadis Roussos: Just in case you thought that was, you know, me not suddenly remembering Vukriddin's name, because I think that that is an extraordinary idea, and that is why we have declared him ordinary, we have declared the income that he produces as part of his adventuring careerdin's UBT.
Kostadis Roussos: The Braving Council had heard this proposal, and we were waiting for a few more days before we would make a formal announcement, but I think that since we didn't know it, I think this is as good a way to make an announcement as possible. All hail to Buchradin and the…
Kostadis Roussos: Pauses and says, what is the name of your adventuring group?
Wade Brown: Did we ever make one?
Gary Young: free HPP.
David Mendenhall: Slayers of Cryovane.
Wade Brown: But that's not where we couldn't have started that.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow.
David Mendenhall: We'll have to have a slight sidebar. Oh, I don't know, what name do you guys want?
Wade Brown: I mean, no, it would be the band's name, right? At this point, like, it's a…
Gary Young: I mean, I'm thinking…
David Mendenhall: Well, not yet… Soma's not in band, so…
Wade Brown: No, no, she's just a tour guide. I'm your manager at this point.
Kostadis Roussos: Damn banister.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
David Mendenhall: Belfinay and Vukradin's death metal…
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… So, the Valcrire, and, the, he goes, Yeah, well, all hail the adventuring droop!
David Mendenhall: Okay, so, so, Weston, we're gonna be writing into the town charter, then, that all adventurers, will distribute their treasure as universal basic treasure to the citizens of Phandalin, unless they can find the rightful owner, of course.
Kostadis Roussos: Harbin says, I think that's a wonderful idea! Huzzah, huzzah, huzzah!
David Mendenhall: So it's written in, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, no, Jenna, Jenna… Jenna is looking really appalled.
David Mendenhall: Okay. Is she outvoted?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes, but… yeah, but she's, like, looking appalled, I'm not…
Wade Brown: Democracy sucks.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, I mean, I… mob rule sucks.
Wade Brown: I said?
David Mendenhall: And I would say, as the first contribution to the UBT fund, we have this melted horde of dragon gold that we can't do anything else with.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow, that's so big. Everybody looks at it and goes,
Kostadis Roussos: We thank the noble adventurers, but, we can't actually… it's fused inside of a magical containment thing that you're gonna have to go extract.
David Mendenhall: Nobody told us that.
Kostadis Roussos: It… yeah, yeah, it was…
Wade Brown: Being a part of the deal.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, sure.
David Mendenhall: Kalen, can you take care of this?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, be useful for once.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: This seems like your kind of thing. Like…
David Mendenhall: Get this money to the people, they need it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Gather Party, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Sir Kaitlyn paused, it says, sidebar, sidebar…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: type.
Kostadis Roussos: Kit?
David Mendenhall: Do it, old man!
Kostadis Roussos: Sidebar. Does the Order of the Gauntlet get a share, or is this only strictly for the citizens of Fandelin? And what do we mean by citizens of Fandalin?
Gary Young: You asked the crowd.
David Mendenhall: Excellent, excellent idea, Velfina!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I would say property owners within the bounds of Fanderlin.
Wade Brown: landed gentry.
David Mendenhall: What about renters?
Wade Brown: Wait, do they actually have property? I thought they were all serfs or whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: No, they do, they do have properties.
Wade Brown: Property rights are a relative… anyway.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: As long as you live within the bounds of Fanderlin, then you're a Fandalin citizen. How is that? Is that open enough?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I need to get myself a house in Pendleton, by the way.
David Mendenhall: Well, I mean, what if somebody just comes down from Neverwinter for the day, right? And immigrates to Phandalin, then suddenly they are entitled to the UBT?
Wade Brown: That's why we need to build a wall.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You have to, you have to live within Fanderlin's boundary for at least 50-plus percent of the year.
Wade Brown: Primary residence, I mean…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's right, that's right.
David Mendenhall: It's like how all these stupid laws…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I mean, there's a.
Wade Brown: The reason every law exists.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You have to be a couple happier.
David Mendenhall: test under oath with the Zone of Truth spell in effect.
Kostadis Roussos: That's right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And you have to pay your taxes in Finland, too, right?
David Mendenhall: The U.
Kostadis Roussos: Leno?
David Mendenhall: Distributed tax-free. Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it would be…
David Mendenhall: tax the UBT.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, no, you can just determine if they pay taxes in Fanderlin, then they are Fandalin citizens.
Kostadis Roussos: That doesn't mean they're paying tax… okay, so all of a sudden, you know, like, Lilene shows up and says, I think this is a fabulous idea. I've been working on such a proposal for years. She pulls out a book called Candle Keeps, you know, the Sage's Universal Theorem for Income Distribution.
Kostadis Roussos: It says… and says, if I could suggest, Bukridin.
David Mendenhall: Yes, of course.
Kostadis Roussos: Perhaps a subcommittee of the Privy Council, led by myself, obviously with your supervision, could provide a draft set of rules in time for next week, maybe two weeks from now, for how the treasure would be distributed.
David Mendenhall: So the people need the money sooner than that.
David Mendenhall: faster.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I do it!
David Mendenhall: They're poor! They're suffering! They need UBT!
David Mendenhall: And the crowd is cheering, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, what, the kids are going, do we get UBD? Do we… Exactly!
Wade Brown: We never have to work a day in our lives?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, as long as there's adventurers.
Wade Brown: Yeah, it's true.
Kostadis Roussos: As long as Adventurers come.
David Mendenhall: Having to give up all of their treasure to the town, yeah.
Gary Young: There's some sort of magical intelligence stealing their jobs.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gary Young: intelligence stealing their job.
David Mendenhall: films.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you know, constructs.
Kostadis Roussos: Part of it?
David Mendenhall: That's what we need.
Wade Brown: Sounds like just slavery by extra steps.
David Mendenhall: How's this going?
Kostadis Roussos: Downhill fell off.
David Mendenhall: I knew it would go downhill, but not quite this fast.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. So, the community is enthralled by the proposal.
David Mendenhall: Mike.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, that's.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: What? No, I mean, you're giving advantage…
David Mendenhall: weight, very low DC.
Wade Brown: You get free money?
Kostadis Roussos: People didn't want to see.
Wade Brown: rings until Oprah gave them away, like…
David Mendenhall: There you go.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So what about our finance fee? I still need to finance my business here.
Wade Brown: Well, you'll be financed by the UBT!
David Mendenhall: Exactly! We all…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, are we offending?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Are we founder Lindsay? I think we're.
Wade Brown: honorary residence, at least at this point.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, I, I mean, I've…
David Mendenhall: There's still organic fair trade gold, which we are entitled to.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on. Right, wait, hold on. Harbin, Harbin, Wester says, Well, of course, Valfine is a, member of the community, an upstanding, cleric, you know, her, her, you know, her, you know, he's…
Kostadis Roussos: he's trying very awkwardly to say that, you know, Valfine would most certainly, and that the Temple of Lathander that she has set up, the searing pain of justice would definitely be… is definitely within the city boundaries. He goes, of course, Vukrudin is absolutely, you know, is a member of the Privy Council.
Kostadis Roussos: But, the Tortle, and, the, the Barbarian!
Kostadis Roussos: Their exact ties to the community!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Next words very carefully, old man.
Wade Brown: I've been living in the outskirts for all my life.
Kostadis Roussos: International.
Wade Brown: Russ out there somewhere.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You're talking to the muscle of this party.
Kostadis Roussos: And he suddenly looks at you and goes.
Kostadis Roussos: But, but I think that we can all agree that Brewberry and Soma, through their unique contributions, should be considered honorary citizens of Fandelin. I'll take that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: There's, like, there's cheering.
Kostadis Roussos: They're sitting there just cheering. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: Everybody clapped.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, there's, like, so then, okay, so.
Wade Brown: It's a good chance.
Wade Brown: Catch you.
Kostadis Roussos: That was totally not expected. Alright, take your treasure gift. Yeah, that was, that was a very clever solution to the problem.
Kostadis Roussos: Give yourself 5%, I guess, of your treasure.
David Mendenhall: Oh, 5% of the blood money now is… becomes organic fair trade?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, so all…
Wade Brown: Well, it's been wandered through the UBD.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, the blood might…
Wade Brown: Effectively, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, you've effectively.
David Mendenhall: I will do that.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We need to… when do we work out how much gets into our pocket? You know, because I have some business planning to do.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, yeah, but I mean, that's just a percentage. I want to know, you know, gold pieces, how much time.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm getting…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: getting.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he… just… could someone go through the math and give it… sell people how much gold to have?
David Mendenhall: Oh, if we want to sell other blood items? Yeah, go for it. I just did the, the cash.
Gary Young: money.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gary Young: Why did you zero out all the other blood money?
David Mendenhall: We just gave it to the people.
Wade Brown: Went into the fun!
Wade Brown: That was the whole point, is we dump it all in, and then the government gives it back to us.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
David Mendenhall: We got our first time.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Evil into something good for the community.
Kostadis Roussos: Baum.
David Mendenhall: is a fault.
Kostadis Roussos: He's like…
David Mendenhall: What did you do?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, hold on.
David Mendenhall: You gave it all away.
Gary Young: Donated to the church.
David Mendenhall: To the people!
Kostadis Roussos: Gary, as a member of the church, bride and gills work for you, so, you know, you could, for example, demand money from them.
David Mendenhall: We haven't sold all the, sellables, so you can, you know, there's a lot in there, too.
David Mendenhall: And there's the 3,000 treasure flag.
Kostadis Roussos: But you can, you can… that one, you can.
David Mendenhall: We'll work on it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, there was much cheering, Jenna Roscoe looks very concerned and jumps on, proceeds to leave town.
David Mendenhall: cover.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
David Mendenhall: I don't know who you are, and I don't care.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Free money.
Wade Brown: for you.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, yeah.
David Mendenhall: You leave, no free money, bummer.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. The members of the Lord's Alliance are very particular.
Gary Young: So are we selling this, 3,700, blood…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I don't think she realizes the potential of the customer base we just created in Fanderlin.
David Mendenhall: That's right! Get them on your side.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, hold on, hold on, you don't.
Wade Brown: I'm aware of the inflation we just created in Sandalin.
David Mendenhall: Lots of issues, yes. So, Gary, the 3,000 dragon treasure slag, apparently we have to, like…
David Mendenhall: remove curse on that or something. Dispel magic or something.
Wade Brown: held it down? I don't know.
David Mendenhall: We have to dispel magic first.
Gary Young: Prepare that, and then do that?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, if we can… if we can cast Dispel Magic, then I think we can recoup it.
Gary Young: I can do… Dispel curves, or remove curves.
David Mendenhall: Remove curse. You can try it, you can ask Status, whether it helps.
Kostadis Roussos: let me get that up.
Kostadis Roussos: I have to find… I have to find the notes. It's been a while since I did… I wasn't expecting you guys to actually ever use it, so I forgot how to do it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So when you remove the curse, where does the curse go?
Wade Brown: Place the socks go in the dryer.
David Mendenhall: That is… that is a very deep question.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And, you know, in the universe, you know, nothing disappears, you know.
David Mendenhall: Conservation of energy, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: it's all transformed into something else, so I'm concerned.
Wade Brown: We are all dust, and to dust we shall return.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay, so,
Kostadis Roussos: So it turns out that, you're… it turns out that this is not just conventional magic.
Kostadis Roussos: So you're gonna have to find an expert who knows about it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What better place to find an expert than Neverwinter?
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
David Mendenhall: Sounds like never winter's up.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: In fact, the, the, the role in Arcana check.
Gary Young: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Bruh.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay,
Kostadis Roussos: Come on, you gotta figure it out.
Wade Brown: Come on. Oops.
David Mendenhall: Wow, those are some amazing rolls, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow. Fortunately, Soma has her staff.
Wade Brown: Guys…
Kostadis Roussos: It's good.
Wade Brown: Obviously.
Kostadis Roussos: It's playing her magic.
Wade Brown: Yeah. I could detect a planar anomaly around this cube. This is, this is no ordinary. You remember that stag? Those weird gnome things?
Wade Brown: The whole reason we're intervening.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay. So… So, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, yes. Quite, so you, you…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yes, the cheese. Well, you know, Petunia's there, Big Al Cazone is there, Kalina Elderleaf is there. They're observing that now, with the extra cash in people's hands, there'll be opportunities to sell more cheese.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: you know.
Gary Young: So your first…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Start a export business.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yes, well, yes, you know, they have a round of cheese, they're like, do you want the fancy cheese, the not-so-fancy cheese, the expensive cheese? Like, they're cheese choices, you know, do they want the cheese when Petunia ate it, the grass from the upper part of the field, or do you want it from the lower part?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's getting a bit too technical for Blueberry.
Gary Young: I think we're looking for the regular one.
Kostadis Roussos: Kilinea goes, regular cheese. Philistines. Philistines?
Kostadis Roussos: Software.
Gary Young: Over other hired hands.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a gift!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, can we do some cheese tasting? I mean, it depends.
Kostadis Roussos: It's, it's, it's…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Sweet.
Gary Young: Sheets and services are.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, so, so, Kalita is delighted to hear that you have clays. She goes, who would have thought that Brewberry was a man of taste and vision?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I know. You know, how is that possible? How's that possible?
Kostadis Roussos: Awesome.
David Mendenhall: Goes well with the wine.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, she goes, I'm so glad you said that! So she, you know, she brings out a bottle of wine, red wine, she takes out some cheeses, I mean, this all turns into, like, a…
Kostadis Roussos: A multi-hour…
David Mendenhall: They really are getting high on the UBT now.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, wine…
David Mendenhall: everyone.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Wine and cheese, what's missing from this picture? I, you know, I…
Gary Young: Our assistants will be by to pick up the cheese.
Kostadis Roussos: But… What'd you say…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, and those, and you inform them who they are, those Elaine, the… yeah, alright, alright. Well, then we will absolutely keep them a fine round of our finest cheese, and she, and then she goes, Mr. Brewberry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, I, you know, which one of these cheeses was your favorite? So, you know…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So I taste the cheese. Is there a big difference in…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, you know, some of them are… some of them are more, you know, bluish, some are, you know, some are more creamy, some are more dried out.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, so I put the dried-out stuff aside.
Wade Brown: You know?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm like, you know, the bluish, creamy stuff, does that taste good?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it tastes very good, it is.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, I'll say this one, then. You know, it's only the finest.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, well then, that you are a discerning customer, Mr. Brubber, you are an absolutely discerning customer.
Kostadis Roussos: Big Al, she turns to Big Al. I didn't know you had such friends with such class, Big Al. Big Al turns to her and goes, neither did I.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: But I don't know that we need, like, the good stuff.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, let's keep people happy, isn't that, you know, what today's all about? Making people happy?
Kostadis Roussos: But, but…
Gary Young: I think for the margins.
Wade Brown: Getting so little out of all of it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Don't underestimate the power of Gucci's on, you know, the good people.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty, so, with that…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, with that, is there anything else you want to do in Phandalin before you head out?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is there an accountant or a banker in Feneden?
Kostadis Roussos: Number one.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Somebody who could manage my, you know, personal fortunes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Well, I mean…
David Mendenhall: personal fortune I don't know about.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, I'm not gonna get gold, just like the rest of us, right? I want a wealth consultant.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: To advise me on how I can stop my bathrobe business. I'm serious about this, I, you know, I want people…
David Mendenhall: Go to Gold Bond, you're right. The money's gonna start pouring in pretty soon.
Wade Brown: Yeah, what is it, 3 gold pieces a week or something?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, I ask again, is there a wealth management consultant in Fenden?
Kostadis Roussos: So, I mean, to be fair, the only wealth management person who would know anything would be Lenini, who she was, who's the job is at the trading house.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, can I consult with her, and tell her of my, you know, business plan?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: To start a bathrobe factory, so that it can bring softness to, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: The good people.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And, enrich their lives.
Kostadis Roussos: She says that's a wonderful idea.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, so I, you know, I'd like you to manage my wealth.
Kostadis Roussos: And.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Maybe start a market study on, you know, the business of.
Kostadis Roussos: Mary's going in a brand new direction ever since he discovered the bathroom. Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Mankind has been spreading violence and pain, you know, throughout the land for generations. I think I need to, you know, turn that around and bring softness to people.
Wade Brown: It's a nice story of atonement, I like it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, this is a redemption, this…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Absolutely.
Gary Young: The source of phandalin cotton, or something?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, it needs to be blessed by the, you know, the Lavender priests, of course, you know.
Gary Young: Yes. Well, we can put the Lithander's logo on it, too.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, absolutely. It should be, it should definitely be your Lefenders logo on it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And, and a, you know, a little but, you know, readable.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Note on, View Krudin's upcoming music studio.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And, I will even throw a 5% off
Stéphane Bourdeaud: for people who also buy Vucrajin's, you know, masterpiece.
Kostadis Roussos: Album. Black Cylinder. That's right.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean… 100%.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, so, anyway, you know, manage my wealth, come up with a business plan, I want to hear about it, I'll give you a month.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So… Is that… does that…
David Mendenhall: I just want to be clear on this.
David Mendenhall: You're the ideas guy, and she's doing all the work?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You know? Well, she gets a commission.
David Mendenhall: Not in management, though, right? This is, like, your fantasy?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, this is my vision.
Kostadis Roussos: I pulled up.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Redemption.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Real life. Real life.
David Mendenhall: In real life, right?
David Mendenhall: That's why you have to have the fantasy of being the manager.
Kostadis Roussos: Good idea.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, I don't wanna… I don't wanna manage, man. I'm… I'm the ID guy.
David Mendenhall: Ideas guy. Alright, got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, so this is very personal to Brewberry, you know, it's becoming… he's becoming obsessed with this.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It takes everybody to have a bathrobe and, you know, feel soft.
Kostadis Roussos: Lynn Eddie, let's.
David Mendenhall: He, everyone will be able to afford it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Lynette thinks this is a wonderful idea, right? She thinks this is an awesome idea.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That too here.
Kostadis Roussos: She does say… which she says is that, you know, she says that the best thing to do is to, go to Neverwinter to go see if you could go secure some capital at the counting house.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? -Oh.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That means, but I'll do it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and… You write me a note? Yeah, so she writes your note, and then she says that, you know, normally the Lion Shield Coster would be delighted to handle distribution of… of the, the… the…
Kostadis Roussos: The bathrooms.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, whatever you deem necessary.
Kostadis Roussos: But she says, but there's been a small problem with the, it used to be that they had a very cheap distribution method, and now that there's more costly distribution methods that are in play, and she wonders if you could go see if anybody has heard anything in Neverwinter.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. About, about what, about what… when… when… when the LionShield Coster distribution system will be back up and running.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, I can do that, for sure.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Let me, you know, just be very clear about this. This is very, you know, a personal quest for me.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not, I might…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Seem gentle and, you know, a bit dumb.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: But, you know, if you try to screw me on this.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Consequence.
Kostadis Roussos: It literally goes, Shalim Lenny goes, brewberry.
Kostadis Roussos: this is your personal quest, now it is my personal quest.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Excellent, excellent, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, you know.
David Mendenhall: Insight. Natural One Insight.
Kostadis Roussos: Absolutely!
David Mendenhall: Absolutely on your side, Rubberry, you can trust her.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Did she?
Gary Young: How about 19?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Thank you for it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Ralfini checks with Insight whether or not she's sincere.
Kostadis Roussos: Hi, I'm, I'm thinking about, wesley and Pizza, trying to
Kostadis Roussos: Keyed off the guy at the gate.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, off to Neverwinter. Yes?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So I assumed she was sincere. Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm, I, yeah, because you rolled a… oh, oh, Gary rolled a 19, I didn't see that 19.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, she's sincere. I mean, like, the one thing, Gary, are you sitting… are you around her? So, the other thing you get is that this whole, supply chain problem she has is something that's of deep concern to her.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We'll take care of that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's… that's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: And you do recall that the one time you showed up with an artifact that had planar magic on it, she was very obsessed with keeping it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay. It sounds like a clue, but I can't figure out what that is.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I'm just, like, so when you guys came back from the Whispering Grove.
Kostadis Roussos: You had, some, some, leather, some animal hides.
Kostadis Roussos: That we're phasing in an.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: And she was very excited about that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, so… she's into magic stuff, alright?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, like, particularly about, about… and the other thing that, I guess… Blueberry wouldn't know…
Kostadis Roussos: Vukradin would definitely never know. Valfine was completely unplugged, and so much… yeah, so you guys really have no idea what's going on here.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. You'd have to do some digging, but, like, this is… this party doesn't dig, this party, you know, is all about…
Wade Brown: Nothing's on face value.
David Mendenhall: act.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, this is… this is the… this is not the deep investigation party. No.
Wade Brown: We're all a little bit as naive, some of us more than others.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, the journey to Neverwinter.
David Mendenhall: Anywhere we want to stop along the way.
Wade Brown: Did we have any quests in that direction? Thanks.
David Mendenhall: I don't think we need to go to the Hunting Lodge, or the Dragon Barrow, or the Logger's Camp. We don't have any reason to go with any of those, right?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I think you've cleared out everything that… The only place that you guys haven't looked at is the Shrine of Savras, but there's not…
David Mendenhall: We're just gonna abandon that quest.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
David Mendenhall: I'm sure it has all the secrets of planar anomalies, and we'll just never find out.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Wade Brown: Foiler!
Kostadis Roussos: No, it doesn't. It had some, but it doesn't have all. Like, all would require rail… all would require railroading.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right. I just want to point out that during the whole trip, you know, the whole trip, Blueberry just goes on and on about his bathrobes, and how good they're gonna look, and…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You know, what's the softest thread that you can use?
David Mendenhall: Dude. Dude.
David Mendenhall: bathrobes. Give it a rest. You sound like me with UBT.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And rest in your bathroom, yes, absolutely.
Kostadis Roussos: Where do you think he got inspired?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: You're big.
Wade Brown: Pretty comfy.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Exactly.
David Mendenhall: drugs.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Alright.
Wade Brown: The shell size, you know?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And you, you know, I mean, you guys heard all about, you know, Blueberry and his bathrobes, for sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Alright. So, you arrive in Neverwinter. Alrighty, the journey is uneventful, surprisingly,
Kostadis Roussos: Given, you know, Costatus' compulsive need to create stuff.
Wade Brown: head.
Kostadis Roussos: There's more.
Wade Brown: content.
Kostadis Roussos: And now, now I have technology that lets me do it well and integrated and thoughtful as a starting point.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on. I did, I do…
David Mendenhall: an entire software platform.
Kostadis Roussos: I did, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: We are to visit Alara Seesong Melamani to return the statue from the lighthouse.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes. Before…
David Mendenhall: Or House Marcaster attacks her, which I'm sure already happened.
David Mendenhall: And tell her that the order of the gauntlet is to thank, even though she's dead.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, and I have a note from my wealth management consultant, apparently I need to make a stop as well, somewhere. I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, we have it. Yeah, if you… you should be able to see it on the map. There's a thing called the,
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, it's not, let me just put it there.
Kostadis Roussos: Accounting house.
Kostadis Roussos: You should see it now. Of course. You should see it.
Kostadis Roussos: The House Spire of the Morning Lord. By the way…
Kostadis Roussos: The Common Chord, that's where you used to play.
Wade Brown: Whew, pardon.
David Mendenhall: Yeah…
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
David Mendenhall: Right, I don't need to go back there.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't want to do.
Wade Brown: A reunion tour, or a…
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, dude, dude, dude, dude, just, just… Give me a second, there's a few more things I need to do. Alright,
Kostadis Roussos: I think this is it.
Kostadis Roussos: The board? Okay, so this over here is a restaurant in… Everwinter…
Kostadis Roussos: I think this is the right one?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Bold, laid bare.
Kostadis Roussos: The board lay bare.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: sexual club or something, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: They're like…
Wade Brown: That's your mind.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, once I tell you what it is, it's gonna be, like, eerily appropriate and unbelievably awkward.
Gary Young: Bored labor and bronze.
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: Bored. It's, it's a restaurant that, what's his name?
Kostadis Roussos: It's a tavern that had a turtle.
Kostadis Roussos: Chef. That Soma used to frequent.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Because… who could make the kind of hope food you could get back home.
Kostadis Roussos: Almost.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It sounds like a swinger's club to me, but whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: I forgot.
Wade Brown: Do I look like a swinger?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Back in the day, maybe?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm not judging.
Wade Brown: The town tart.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Grammar.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so let me just give… okay, so you arrive in… ventilate. I'd rather not here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You know, now that I think about it, the Spire of the Mourning Lord also sounds, you know, way too sexual.
Wade Brown: Ever.
Wade Brown: When you're.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep.
Wade Brown: I find innuendo in the word innuendo.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Could be a… could be a… could be a poor movie's title, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, I'm just starting to get, like, really awkward, feeling very awkward right now.
Kostadis Roussos: I just… I just want everybody to know that I just, like, at this point in time, I don't even know what to feel. Alright, you arrive…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'll stop, I'll stop.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and so, as you arrive, you see, up in the far distance, Castle Nevermember, and Castle Never.
Kostadis Roussos: Known as Castle Never because it has never been conquered.
Kostadis Roussos: And Lord Nevember has been spending large amounts of money and taxing people to complete its reconstruction.
Kostadis Roussos: I think so, too.
David Mendenhall: Huge fan of UBT.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I'm sure he'll let go of all that free gold he's getting.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, he's gonna be a big fan of that one. That was, that was… that was definitely… yeah, okay. Alright. Alrighty. Alright. So, you arrive in Vandalin.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Right. So where do we…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You want to go first?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, hold on, you're…
David Mendenhall: So…
Kostadis Roussos: You guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so let me just… let me… there's an opening, there is an opening, I need to just… my…
Kostadis Roussos: software just crashed.
Gary Young: That's stupid.
Kostadis Roussos: Which one?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Gary has a request.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: We have these, dragon scales that we…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you wanna… Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah.
Gary Young: And it was…
Kostadis Roussos: I'll look it up.
Gary Young: for,
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: As long as you can convince Drewberry to not sell them to turn into investment capital for his…
Wade Brown: Lore robes!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Dragonscale bathrobes. Now, it doesn't sound too comfortable.
Wade Brown: They protect you from driving.
David Mendenhall: Not very strong.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Now, it would look very cool, you know, but, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You arrive at the, the guards… so you arrive at the… you arrive at the gate.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. And… and the gate guards checks your faces against a writ.
Kostadis Roussos: Apparently, someone from Vandalin sent word ahead that you're expected.
Kostadis Roussos: While you wait for the duty officers, three young humans in their early 20s walk past you. They are wearing roughhide trim cloaks with charcoal tribal markings on their forearms. One is painted leather helm with two eye slits daubed in red.
Kostadis Roussos: Another is carrying a hand axe, ornamental, clearly never used, strapped across their back at a jaunty angle. All three are barefoot despite the cobblestones. They are nodding along to music coming from a nearby window. The music is dissonant, uncomfortable, and technically accomplished in ways that feel deliberately hidden.
Kostadis Roussos: It sounds like someone furious at beauty.
Kostadis Roussos: One of them looks at Blueberry and stops walking. That's… WAIT! IS THAT!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so they, they, he walks up to you, he walks up, is that… Brewberry!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: The one and only.
Kostadis Roussos: They're like, OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD, OH MY GOD!
David Mendenhall: Fan Club.
David Mendenhall: Sam Club has found us.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I, I, you know.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Discretely, you know, make my muscles.
Kostadis Roussos: Buffer. Bounce. Yeah. Little pec dance.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you guys inventing.
David Mendenhall: treasurers?
Wade Brown: If you paid your tax, or your, you know…
David Mendenhall: What comes next?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, Valfine, you immediately recognized the music.
Kostadis Roussos: It was Vucherdin's old music.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, do you want to ask about it, or, like, Vugrid, you're, like, cut, or just keep moving on.
David Mendenhall: Oh, I know it's my music.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it's your music.
David Mendenhall: Right, no, I figured that out.
Kostadis Roussos: So, one of the, while that's going on, you know, while that's going on, somebody goes, oh my god, blueberry! And he looks at you.
Kostadis Roussos: And that's McCraden!
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Like, that's Mukraden. And the other one goes, oh yeah, I remember when he was really good, the stuff he recorded before he got famous and commercial.
David Mendenhall: Mory's sold out, I love it.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, commercial, the real stuff. Yeah, like, I don't know, like, man, I, you know, I think brewberry's more authentic.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: He'll hill.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, like, they want your signature kind of thing, okay.
Gary Young: I haven't heard the death chant, have I?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you can try it.
Kostadis Roussos: Would you spring it up, or…
David Mendenhall: Should we do a performance?
Gary Young: We didn't start doing the death chant until we got to Phandalinery.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right, yeah, so they haven't heard that, no, no, but they heard… but your story has percolated in the community.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you're, you're a… Your, your adventures are, are starting to make, making, making an impact.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, from there, so, you know, the, the…
Kostadis Roussos: the, the, the, the lords, the lords, the, the, the, the guards say, well, welcome to Vandalin, a brewberry. You know, my, my, you know, sorry, sorry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You know, that's okay. You can be a bit intimidated, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: I was like, he goes, Mr. Blueberry, I'm, I, you know, my son is a big fan, would you mind just signing a little piece of paper here for me?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Of course. Would you mind giving me a little blood so I can sign this?
Wade Brown: Streepers?
Kostadis Roussos: Are you, son?
David Mendenhall: Did you ask for money?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's the only way I sign my name, is in blood.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: R.
Gary Young: His name is with an X, is that right?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, no, I think we'll just… we'll just…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that's okay, maybe I can take some…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Somewhere else here.
David Mendenhall: I want an autograph, I don't need blood. Do you want my autograph?
Kostadis Roussos: Vukridin!
David Mendenhall: it didn'.
Kostadis Roussos: Maybe…
David Mendenhall: Autograph?
Kostadis Roussos: Only if you can get me a table at the Common Cord.
David Mendenhall: Oh…
Wade Brown: Huh.
David Mendenhall: I don't know that I'm welcome there anymore.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, really goes…
Kostadis Roussos: You… you aren't welcome? Ever since you became famous, the place has become impossible to get a table at!
David Mendenhall: You mean, they want me?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know if they want you, but, like, there's, like, weeks of reservations! The prices have gone through the roof! One of the other kids goes, yeah, this is all part of the displacement of the common man from the docks as the protector's enclave expands.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Just sounds to me, you could, like, they're making money using your good name.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right. That doesn't sound…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, it's like, they became more popular after I left? That's weird.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: If you need an image consultant, you know, my wealth management, I'm sure, could advise you.
David Mendenhall: I'm getting an…
David Mendenhall: That's interesting, I'm gonna write that down on the quest tracker. I'll have to look into that one.
Gary Young: There's another venue we're gonna play.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Why is Common Core?
Gary Young: Because we could… we can, we can put on a performance at
Gary Young: The Spire of the Morning Lord.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you can definitely…
Gary Young: With a look at your desk channel.
Wade Brown: With the death chance.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but then… but then somebody, while this is going on, one of the… one of the… one of the people walking around goes, that's not Vukerton! Vukerton was, like, a legend, man. He would, like, play music, and he didn't care if anybody liked it. He was, like, I… they're, like, dismissing that you're Vukerdin at this point in time.
David Mendenhall: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you know, your music's legendary.
David Mendenhall: You want me to play you one of the old hits?
David Mendenhall: I'm gonna play him an old… I'll play an old song, just for…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you're gonna actually play an old song.
David Mendenhall: Hmm, sure.
David Mendenhall: 2010.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, wow, that, that is an impre… like, there isn't a moment of, like,
Kostadis Roussos: So are you going for, like, polished and fake, or, like, authentic? Like, you're reaching back for…
David Mendenhall: The old, authentic stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: Just for the air.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I can pull out… go back to the… the.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you're, you're.
David Mendenhall: We're involved for this one.
Kostadis Roussos: They're going back for the vault, like, the guy who is playing the music is just, like, in awe. Like, he's, like, he's, like, trying to jam with you. Do you let him jam with you, or do you tell him to…
David Mendenhall: Jam with me, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: He's like, every… you've created a cool scene, and it's time to… and, like, you know, you're creating a bit of a scene here. There's a few more people who look like… dressed like Blueberry starting to show up. You're starting to realize that there's some kind of theme about this.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Crazy.
Kostadis Roussos: So, as you… as you walk a little bit further… so where do you want to go? Sorry, sorry, let me… before I… so, yes, so the… you should see now the… so as you're… as you're walking a little bit further, you see…
Kostadis Roussos: As you walk through the Protector's Enclave, mounted on a building, at eye level, is a carved stone plaque.
Kostadis Roussos: In honor of the liberators of the Orning, through whose courage and through the combined strength of the Lord's Alliance, the giant kingdoms were restored to order to north, and the secured.
Kostadis Roussos: And then it says, beside it is a Lord's Alliance Herald in blue, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Gold Library distributing a broadsheet.
David Mendenhall: Did you guys know the Lord's Alliance, saved the world? I didn't know that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and so, do you want to look at the bread sheet? Like, handing it out They're like that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'll look at it, I'll look at it. Correct.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, okay. He goes, the cover is a woodcut portrait of a dwarf in full plate. Blunt-nosed, serious. The caption says, Orsic, defender of Parnest, champion of the North.
Kostadis Roussos: The black page is a map of the…
Kostadis Roussos: The back page is a map, the Lord's Alliance's current territorial jurisdiction, with the dotted line extending into Neverwinter Wood, Lilin, and Phandalin.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Really? I didn't know the Lord's Alliance controlled Phandalin. Huh.
Wade Brown: I'm breathing.
Gary Young: the crafting for the Dragonscale stuff, going.
Kostadis Roussos: Pardon me?
Gary Young: Can we get the crafting for the dragon scale stuff?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, absolutely. We'll do that. Okay, so, we'll go take care of that. Alright. For that, you need to head out to…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, the question is, do you want the expensive dealers, or do you want the cheap dealers?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I can scale cheap.
Wade Brown: We only got 5% of our actual treasure, right?
David Mendenhall: We don't have a lot of money.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We can pay with some Dragon Scales. Maybe there's enough for us, and then whatever is left over can pay for the job.
Gary Young: So it says that it will cost us 1,675 gold, and…
David Mendenhall: We don't, we don't have that.
Gary Young: I'm hoping that we can barter this, staff and bird calls as part of the,
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, don't forget, you are Vukridin, and you are blueberry.
David Mendenhall: The staff of Bird Calls is blood money, like…
David Mendenhall: It's now Fandelman Law that we turn that over to people.
Wade Brown: Aww.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on, there's an… but I did have enough time to put together a quest.
Kostadis Roussos: The fire… the necklace of Fireballs.
David Mendenhall: Also, blood money.
David Mendenhall: Blood treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
David Mendenhall: Also, blood treasure.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Sir Kaelin, as you… Sir Kalen, just before you left, said… came with a…
Kostadis Roussos: It left you a note about the fire… the lengthless of fireballs.
Kostadis Roussos: It's an allegondre, quiet, branch, no title, no army, just a family that lost their deads belonging to grave robbers a generation ago and never stopped looking. The recovery office matched the provenance last 10 day. You can put it down, you can actually do the thing you keep saying you want to do.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Nope.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, great.
David Mendenhall: What's their name again?
Kostadis Roussos: So, Alexander.
Kostadis Roussos: It's an allegondre, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so you… there is a… I don't want to find out the name…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, yes. So, perrin… Olegander.
Kostadis Roussos: Is his name.
David Mendenhall: Okay, I got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, along the way… along the way to the Protector's Enclave, you find a st… you find a…
Kostadis Roussos: I guess… a high-end…
Kostadis Roussos: individual who makes armor, equipment out of exotic materials, and he's, he lists his… he asks you, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, it says, design… designer goods, very high-end fashions,
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to try to approach him, Gary, and see what deal you can make?
Gary Young: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, do the rest of you walk in, or is it only Valfine?
Gary Young: Probably.
David Mendenhall: Go in, sure, why not?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just asking! Alright, so Valfinha…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so the four of you walk in.
Kostadis Roussos: Of course, you've got the whole Golden Eyes thing going, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And this guy happens to be a follower of the Morning Lord.
Gary Young: Oh, great.
Kostadis Roussos: And he's like, he goes for a moment.
Kostadis Roussos: You have the sign of the Morning Lord!
Kostadis Roussos: You have the blessing of her! You have the blessing! Pauses and goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you… are you the drow that Brother Aldrich speaks of? The one who converted to the blessed teachings of the Morning Lord?
Gary Young: That's right.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, well then, what can I do for you? You, you are such a… what a blessing to have you in my store!
Gary Young: Well, we have these dragon scales here, and we need some help crafting them into scale mail.
Kostadis Roussos: I would be delighted, I would be delighted, and, and, and, pauses. This would be a great honor, for me, and as long as, as long as you were to say a blessing for me and my family, Valfinay.
Gary Young: Of course.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: of charge. The best kind.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he didn't say that.
Kostadis Roussos: Egos.
David Mendenhall: No, that's what I said.
Kostadis Roussos: So he says, but Malfine, as much as I would like to do this for free, and gratis, unfortunately, it takes time and money. Any little money you can give would be helpful to cover the costs.
Gary Young: Well, we have 700.
Kostadis Roussos: That is a very…
David Mendenhall: Like, I…
Wade Brown: start to… You're gonna spend.
David Mendenhall: And all the money, you're gonna spend it all.
Gary Young: Well, worst time.
Wade Brown: No, Matt!
Gary Young: 1600, so we can't do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you're, you're going with, he goes…
David Mendenhall: Fun money to make money. Alright, I got it.
Kostadis Roussos: He says, he says, Valfine, that is too generous an award. 300 gold pieces for the chosen of Lathander.
Kostadis Roussos: Very well. And…
Gary Young: Make sure Nice.
David Mendenhall: Did you just…
Gary Young: emblem of Lathander on the back of the,
Kostadis Roussos: I was, I was going to assume that was what was going to happen.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: This will be for Bernberry, though.
David Mendenhall: Alright, we're giving this guy 300 gold, wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So we get something in return.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on. So you're giving it to Blueberry?
Gary Young: Blueberry will be wearing this, because.
Kostadis Roussos: Is he one of… the proprietary stops and goes, His li- his… brewberry.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Rubbery works for you? Is a convert to the Temple of Lathander? Of the Morning Lord?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: works for no one, but Blueberry has much respect for the thunder, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, I knew it! I knew it! Brother Aldrich was right! This was the right decision to embrace the drow! They would see the kind injustice, the justice of the beauty and the warmth of the sun, to cure their whole… their… Then he starts going on a whole series of racial stereotypes about drow.
David Mendenhall: Well, nothing bad could ever come of this.
Kostadis Roussos: I forced.
David Mendenhall: You see, like, an upcoming drow invasion into Neverwinter, and the people just, like, throw open the doors, they're like, come in!
David Mendenhall: Or they just slaughter them all.
David Mendenhall: This'll go really well, guys.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you've managed to… let me… I just need to put a note here that says I remember.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so we gotta pick up the Dragon Scale mail.
Kostadis Roussos: Dragon scale is us.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just gonna make a note of it in the map so that I know where it is. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Dragon scale, or what, yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: This is gonna take some time for them to craft this.
Kostadis Roussos: I will assert it will be done by the time you're leaving town.
Wade Brown: Sleep time now, guys.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, next stop.
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: go to the Spire of the Morning Lord?
David Mendenhall: We're, we're done for the night, I think.
Kostadis Roussos: We're done for the…
Wade Brown: In 2 minutes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, first of all, I hope you guys had fun.
Wade Brown: Oh, it was hilarious.
Kostadis Roussos: That's the one.
Wade Brown: T, it's just, I…
Kostadis Roussos: Brilliant. I'm like, you've just officially caused me to have to go rework all sorts of canonical lore. I love it! I love it! This is brilliant UVT.
David Mendenhall: Well, I liked the fan club, that was funny, too. That was pretty okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, man, take care, have a good one.
David Mendenhall: Thanks, bye-bye.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, bye.